Document versioning updates (#124)
thebiggive/components: readme.md

npm add_user
```

### Versions and publishing

> Continuous Integration will now create a new version, build and publish it to npm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CircleCI will now create a new version, build and publish it to npm
```

Just being picky about the language. Maybe the battle is lost now but I like to reserve the term _continuous integration_ for the development style that would pass this test, not tooling:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/159481/215780691-7c78824c-585e-42eb-9eb0-7453bd7b3b9b.png)
